README.md, before:

# SpaceX-cli
## View upcoming launches in the terminal

### Install with `npm install -g npc-strider/spacex-cli`

![Main view](./preview-images/main.png)

*You may notice that  falcon heavy launch shows as falcon 9, but that appears to be due to the API.

```
Usage:
    spacex-cli
    spacex-cli [-a <polling interval>] | [-h] | [-s <polling interval>] | [-d] | [-b] | [-v] | [-p <appdir>] | [-n <time remaining>] | [-g <time remaining>]
    spacex-cli [--api_refresh=<polling interval>] | [--help] | [--screen_refresh=<polling interval>] | [--dump] | [--blink] | [--archive] | [--path=<appdir>] | [--notify_time=<time remaining>] | [--highlight_time=<time remaining>]

Options:
    -h, --help              Show this help information.
    -s, --screen_refresh    Screen refresh interval in milliseconds. How often time-based information updates [default: 1000]
    -a, --api_refresh       API refresh interval in milliseconds. How often we poll the api for new/updated information. Please don't use small values! [default: 600000]
    -c, --color             Print with color [default: true]
    -d, --dump              Non-interactive mode - dumps the main launches table [default: false]
    -b, --blink             Blink for close launches. This argument exists because I know some people hate blink [default: false]
    -v, --archive           Archive launch data when changed [default: false]
    -p, --path              Application directory [default: ~/.spacexcli]
    -n, --notify_time       At this amount of seconds remaining until launch, send a notification [default: 5400]
    -g, --highlight_time    At this amount of seconds remaining until launch, highlight the row in the table view [default: 86400]
```
This is an enhanced version of a basic CLI bash script I was using.

Because the bash script was based on the v3 [spacexdata](https://github.com/r-spacex/SpaceX-API) api, I was forced to upgrade it to use the new v4 api. 

So I decided to not just upgrade the bash script to use the new api, but also add some new features and more interactibility. 

The cli isn't pretty like some others, but I think it's quite dense in relevant information.

*I'm not including space.ico in my releases to prevent trademark infringement :/ sorry.


## More screenshots
---
View raw response\
![View raw JSON](./preview-images/raw-view.png)

View differences in data (You'll be notified as well when the data changes)\
You can also view the differences (which includes data not in the table) in JSON form.\
![Diff table](./preview-images/diff-table.png)

## Changelog
---
| Date | Version | Changes |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2021-01-08 | 1.0.0 | Initial release. |
| 2021-02-07 | 1.0.1 | Fix bug with diff where undefined cells would cause an error. |

Commit message:

Added temp/placeholder icon to fix notifications.

README.md, after:

# SpaceX-cli
## View upcoming launches in the terminal

### Install with `npm install -g npc-strider/spacex-cli`

### ** I'm not including the proper `spacex.ico` in my releases to prevent trademark infringement :/ sorry. Add your own spacex logo in the npm directory: `npm\node_modules\spacex-cli` **

![Main view](./preview-images/main.png)

*You may notice that  falcon heavy launch shows as falcon 9, but that appears to be due to the API. Doesn't appear like this now.

```
Usage:
    spacex-cli
    spacex-cli [-a <polling interval>] | [-h] | [-s <polling interval>] | [-d] | [-b] | [-v] | [-p <appdir>] | [-n <time remaining>] | [-g <time remaining>]
    spacex-cli [--api_refresh=<polling interval>] | [--help] | [--screen_refresh=<polling interval>] | [--dump] | [--blink] | [--archive] | [--path=<appdir>] | [--notify_time=<time remaining>] | [--highlight_time=<time remaining>]

Options:
    -h, --help              Show this help information.
    -s, --screen_refresh    Screen refresh interval in milliseconds. How often time-based information updates [default: 1000]
    -a, --api_refresh       API refresh interval in milliseconds. How often we poll the api for new/updated information. Please don't use small values! [default: 600000]
    -c, --color             Print with color [default: true]
    -d, --dump              Non-interactive mode - dumps the main launches table [default: false]
    -b, --blink             Blink for close launches. This argument exists because I know some people hate blink [default: false]
    -v, --archive           Archive launch data when changed [default: false]
    -p, --path              Application directory [default: ~/.spacexcli]
    -n, --notify_time       At this amount of seconds remaining until launch, send a notification [default: 5400]
    -g, --highlight_time    At this amount of seconds remaining until launch, highlight the row in the table view [default: 86400]
```
This is an enhanced version of a basic CLI bash script I was using.

Because the bash script was based on the v3 [spacexdata](https://github.com/r-spacex/SpaceX-API) api, I was forced to upgrade it to use the new v4 api. 

So I decided to not just upgrade the bash script to use the new api, but also add some new features and more interactibility. 

The cli isn't pretty like some others, but I think it's quite dense in relevant information.

## More screenshots
---
View raw response\
![View raw JSON](./preview-images/raw-view.png)

View differences in data (You'll be notified as well when the data changes)\
You can also view the differences (which includes data not in the table) in JSON form.\
![Diff table](./preview-images/diff-table.png)

## Changelog
---
| Date | Version | Changes |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2021-01-08 | 1.0.0 | Initial release. |
| 2021-02-07 | 1.0.1 | Fix bug with diff where undefined cells would cause an error. |
| 2021-02-16 | 1.0.2 | Added temp/placeholder icon to fix notifications. Remember to add your own icon (not including originals to prevent trademark infringement) |
